# Diamond-lab

Main original purpose:
Make experiments on Nitrogen-Vacancy center in diamond.
The code shoud be usefull for any confocal scanning experiment with pulse sequences. 

It is meant to work mainly with an FPGA card for making fast measurements. 
The FPGA card is programmed for the use of the Childress lab in Rutheford Physics building (McGill University). 

This repository contains mostly python scripts for controlling the various machines in the experiement anbd to interpreted the data.  

THE MAIN SCRIPT FOR THE EXPERIMENT IS "gui_main_experiment.py"
Here is the structure to followed for each script:

Scripts for which the name starts by "gui_" generates a gui.  
Some gui control one or more instruments. Some guis calls other subguis for making measurement. 
The structre is made modulare, in the sense that each gui can run by is own and some "higher" guis merge one or more "sub" guis. 
The guis and class based with the library "spinmob/egg" where the documentation can be found here: https://github.com/Spinmob/spinmob/wiki/6.-Easy-GUI-Generator-(egg)

Scripts for which the name starts by "load_example_" are example of how to load and process the saved data generated by the guis. 

Scripts for which the name starts by "script_" are mini script for arangind well the data shown in the various databox-plot's used in the guis. 

Other scripts contain class or definition usefull for the other scripts. 

Have fun ! 

- Michael Caouette-Mansour
michael.caouette-mansour@mail.mcgill.ca
